<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This Terraform module is designed to create an Azure-Managed Grafana instance and its related resources, including Private Endpoints and Grafana Managed Private Endpoints, which provide secure and direct connectivity to Azure-Managed Grafana, as well as between Azure-Managed Grafana and compatible data sources over a private network.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> As the overall AVM framework is not GA (generally available) yet - the CI framework and test automation is not fully functional and implemented across all supported languages yet - breaking changes are expected, and additional customer feedback is yet to be gathered and incorporated. Hence, modules **MUST NOT** be published at version `1.0.0` or higher at this time.
>
> All module **MUST** be published as a pre-release version (e.g., `0.1.0`, `0.1.1`, `0.2.0`, etc.) until the AVM framework becomes GA.
>
> However, it is important to note that this **DOES NOT** mean that the modules cannot be consumed and utilized. They **CAN** be leveraged in all types of environments (dev, test, prod etc.). Consumers can treat them just like any other IaC module and raise issues or feature requests against them as they learn from the usage of the module. Consumers should also read the release notes for each version, if considering updating to a more recent version of a module to see if there are any considerations or breaking changes etc.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.5)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 3.71)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_dashboard_grafana.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/dashboard_grafana) (resource)
- [azurerm_dashboard_grafana_managed_private_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/dashboard_grafana_managed_private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_managed_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint_application_security_group_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_application_security_group_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_grafana_major_version"></a> [grafana\_major\_version](#input\_grafana\_major\_version)

Description: Which major version of Grafana to deploy. Possible values are `10`, `11`.

Type: `number`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the Dashboard Grafana resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Dashboard Grafana resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_api_key_enabled"></a> [api\_key\_enabled](#input\_api\_key\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable the api key setting of the Grafana instance. Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_auto_generated_domain_name_label_scope"></a> [auto\_generated\_domain\_name\_label\_scope](#input\_auto\_generated\_domain\_name\_label\_scope)

Description: Scope for dns deterministic name hash calculation. The only possible value is `TenantReuse`. Defaults to `TenantReuse`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"TenantReuse"`

### <a name="input_azure_monitor_workspace_integrations"></a> [azure\_monitor\_workspace\_integrations](#input\_azure\_monitor\_workspace\_integrations)

Description: A list of Azure Monitor Workspace resource IDs to connect to the Dashboard Grafana

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_deterministic_outbound_ip_enabled"></a> [deterministic\_outbound\_ip\_enabled](#input\_deterministic\_outbound\_ip\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable the Grafana instance to use deterministic outbound IPs. Defaults to `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Dashboard Grafana. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for the Dashboard Grafana. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on the Dashboard Grafana. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to the Dashboard Grafana.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_managed_private_endpoints"></a> [managed\_private\_endpoints](#input\_managed\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoints to create. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `location` - (Optional) The Azure Region where the Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint should exist. Defaults to the location of the Dashboard Grafana. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint to be created.
- `name` - (Optional) The name which should be used for this Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint. One will be generated if not set. Must be between 2 and 20 alphanumeric characters or dashes, must begin with letter and end with a letter or number. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint to be created.
- `private_link_resource_id` - The ID of the resource to which this Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint will connect. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint to be created.
- `group_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of private link group IDs. If not set, no private link subresources will be associated with the managed private endpoint. The value of this will depend on the private link resource to which you are connecting. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint to be created.
- `private_link_resource_region` - (Optional) The region in which to create the private link. Defaults to the location of the Dashboard Grafana. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana Managed Private Endpoint to be created.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    location                     = optional(string, null)
    name                         = optional(string, null)
    private_link_resource_id     = string
    group_ids                    = optional(list(string), [])
    private_link_resource_region = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on the Dashboard Grafana. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of the Dashboard Grafana.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable traffic over the public interface. Defaults to `true`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on the Dashboard Grafana. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description: The name of the SKU used for the Grafana instance. Possible values are `Standard` and `Essential`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Standard"`

### <a name="input_smtp"></a> [smtp](#input\_smtp)

Description: A smtp block as defined below.

- `enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the smtp setting of the Grafana instance. Defaults to `false`.
- `host` - SMTP server hostname with port, e.g. test.email.net:587
- `user` - User of SMTP authentication.
- `password` - Password of SMTP authentication.
- `start_tls_policy` - Whether to use TLS when connecting to SMTP server. Possible values are `OpportunisticStartTLS`, `NoStartTLS`, `MandatoryStartTLS`.
- `from_address` - Address used when sending emails.
- `from_name` - (Optional) Name used when sending emails. Defaults to `Azure Managed Grafana Notification`.
- `verification_skip_enabled` - (Optional) Whether verify SSL for SMTP server. Defaults to `false`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    enabled                   = optional(bool, true)
    host                      = string
    user                      = string
    password                  = string
    start_tls_policy          = string
    from_address              = string
    from_name                 = optional(string, "Azure Managed Grafana Notification")
    verification_skip_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zone_redundancy_enabled"></a> [zone\_redundancy\_enabled](#input\_zone\_redundancy\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable the zone redundancy setting of the Grafana instance. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana to be created.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#output\_private\_endpoints)

Description:   A map of the private endpoints created.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->